/*
 * Bugreport: Rog-O-Matic XIV (CMU) Wed Mar 20 10:04:14 1985 - mlm
 * Copyright (C) 1985 by A. Appel, G. Jacobson, L. Hamey, and M. Mauldin
 */

1. fails to wear any armor below level 7.

	things.c:willrust()		changed itemis(PROTECTED)
	tactics.c:handlearmor()		dont worry about cursed armor


2. histplot and rplot are flaky (reported by AEB (play@turing)).

	rplot				removed file name
	gene.c				fixed "Usage" message
	histplot.c			fixed bugs
	README				documented ancilliary functions

3. utility.c uses "getpw (getuid (), name)", which according to
   Rick Adams @ Seismo is obsolete.  no fix made here.  Caveat Emptor!

4. Armor handling again.  Fails to track current armor under Rogue 3.6
   and Rogue 5.2 (bug reported by Dennis Ritchie).

	things.c:wear(),takeoff()	added usesynch=0 (ie: get new invent)
	tactics.c:handlearmor()		new strategy, includes 3rd best

5. Failed to handle "cursed armor" message in Rogue 3.6 / 5.2.  Fixed.

	mess.c:terpmes()		modified cursed mesage pattern

6. Drops good, known items rather than quaffing/reading them

	things.c:drop()			read/quaff some things

7. Too often throws good armor away to keep mediocre scrolls.

	worth.c:worth()			values armor more highly.

8. Peter Wan reports problems with screen handling on terminals with
   no tabs.  Jeff Anton at Berkeley replies that putting "GT=0"
   after the call to initscr() in main.c will force curses to use
   spaces or cursor positioning, so this hack will make the program
   work on terminals without tabs.

9. Fixed reply command to understand version messages at start of
   log files. Modified to send version command when starting a
   log in the middle of the game.

	io.c:getrogver()		look for version string in log
	io.c:toggleecho()		send version command
	mess.c:terpmes()		ignore version commands

10. Fails to fight invisible stalkers properly

	strategy.c:fightinvisible()	fixed old conversion bug
	search.c:followmap()		don't call fmove when beingstalked

11. Doesn't recognize scrolls/wands of light in corridors

	mess.c:terpmes()		added message about "corridor glows"

12. Added debugging command about rustproof armor

	arms.c:havearmor()		new flag 'rustproof'
	main.c:main()			new command ']'

13. Fails to properly print message about genocided monsters.

	io.c:statusline()		added missing %s to printf format

14. Updated version message to take replaying into account

	main.c:main()			new message

15. Makefile does not include several dependencies on install.h

	makefile			io, ltm, tactics, utility

16. Sometimes gives extra message when doing an inventory.  Modified
    inventory to return true if it printed a message because an item
    listed has a remembered value substituted by the database routine.

	pack.c:inventory()		now returns true is msg printed
	mess.c:terpmes()		uses value returned

17. Reduced time groping when blind

	strategy.c:stragize()		cut from 100 turns to 50

18. Modified scroll handling, now reads scrolls even when in plunge
    mode.  Also fixed a bug with the 'aggravate monsters' check.

	tactics.c:readscroll()		added missing s to "aggravate monster"

19. If it finds a trap door when on the way back up between 26 and 18,
    it runs DOWN the trap door (stupid, stupid!).

	tactics.c:plunge()		dont if have(amulet)

20. Modified sanity check for identify scrolls.  Don't have to plan
    ahead in Rogue 5.3, so sanity check doesn't apply.

	mess.c:readident()		change 'version <= RV53A' to '<'

21. Remember that leather armor rusts in Rogue 3.6.

	things.c:willrust()		check for Rogue 3.6

22. Fails to work on Pyramids

	Pyramids will not assume that missing arguments are zero.
	Delinted the whole program to check for missing arguments
	to various functions.

23. Core dumps when searching for secret doors on 3.6

	Failed to check the return code form whichroom() in explore.c

24. Several local variable definitions obscure global variables.

	Modified the local variables not to clash with the globals.

25. Runs over scare monster scolls on low levels.

	When moving more than one square at a time, check for
	running over scare monster scrolls along the way.

26. Nymph misspelled in strategy.c

27. Added SIGPIPE to list of interrupts which are held when modifying
    the score file.

